On this project milestone the technology I used were VSCode, the python implemented software in VSCode, API from TMDB and Wiki, and Heroku. VSCode was used to code the project. I used APIs from TMDB and Wiki to use the databases they already have to implement into my project. Heroku was used to dispatch my app. 
The frameworks I used in the project consisted of python, html, and css. HTML helped me have a basic structure for my web app while CSS was implemented to change with the aesthetic of the app.
When you fork the repository it allows for you to have a copy of the repo and you can edit it as well as change it around to test for anything new without having it affect the original. Having a copy usually will have you all set up and will just need your implementation. When someone installs the repository the developer should also include information concerning what packages were installed, for example in this app the person would need to have pip installed as well as import some packages like flasks, requests, json, os, and random.
The problems I encountered that really detered me from succesfully completing this project was the API's. When I would try to string the params from the API into my response I would always receive a "keyerror" and would not output any information. Due to how important that step is my app was not able to generate any information concerning the movies. Another issue I feel like I would encounter is having the app display properly. I may run into errors that would result in my app not displaying and I would have to determine whether the app had an issue in the code or if it was an issue with when I dispatched my app to Heroku.
Some technical issues that occured that I was able to solve was, initially I couldn't get my web-browser to display any of the changes on my CSS but then later went back to watched the lecture videos and noticed that I did not link my css stylesheet in my index.html